What seven epiphanies?
How is this trash possible?
7 Aura
Oops, these 7 epiphanies
Night Wuji can actually make the ancient Heavenly Spirit back
Explosion 7 times
This is the gift of the cold leftover girl
They're all pretty good.
What!
God bless my freesia gate
By the way, Zhou
I just said that Ye Wuji's talent is extremely poor
I can't break through the second grade in three years
There is no end to it.
Look at the aura of spiritual power just now
It's clearly 4 draws
Just now, he kept pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger
Embarrass me
It's broken, this business strategy talent actually teaches you like this
It seems that Skywolf Sect can't stay any longer
God, I'm not dreaming.
What a terrifying gift this is
It can actually make the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet burst into light 7 times
Hey, I can see such a monstrous fairy
It's not a bad life
It seems that by my own talent
Only the Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet can
That's seven epiphanies.
But I have opened the primordial treasure
I ate Tarzan Chaos boiled eggs
Perfectly trained the Taishan Chaos Body
Let's see what happens with this.
Look at this business bureau is still trying
Could it be